Fix doc replacement token (#6145)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/flows/sentinel/message-broker/activemq.adoc

config:update
----

> <1> A location string is used to assign the Sentinel to a monitoring location in your environment with Minions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> A location string is used to assign the Sentinel to a monitoring location in your environment that has Minions.
```
Please ignore if this is not the meaning. I wasn't clear on the exact intent here.
